DOCS-3288: import partner and community integrations (#2188)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/ecwid.md

---
title : "Ecwid app"
category: 62962dd7e272a6002ebbbbc5
order: 203
hidden: false
parentDoc: 62a1d780224ed800a4af21d0

> excerpt: "Free app to integrate MultiSafepay payment solutions with Ecwid."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

slug: 'ecwid'
---
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MultiSafepay/docs/master/static/logo/Integrations/Ecwid.svg" width="50" align="right" style="margin: 20px; max-height: 75px"/>

> Ecwid provides an app to integrate with MultiSafepay [payment pages](/payment-pages/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ecwid provides a free app to integrate with MultiSafepay [payment pages](/payment-pages/).
```
